Fix issues while truncating the file (#2003)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug Fixes**
- Fail file open operation if the file being downloaded by file-cache can not fit in available disk space (either configured by user or computed implicitly by blobfuse). User application will receive ENOSPC (no space left on device) in response to file open call.
- Mount will fail if FNS account is mounted as HNS account.

> - Truncating the file in file_cache resulting resulting out-of-memory panic by go-runtime in some scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Truncating the file in file_cache resulting in OOM panic by go-runtime in some scenarios.
```
